'—- --Ή-*Ψὴῑ-ω--ᾑ-ᾳ-..κ-
-

PREFACE.

lu the preparation of this edition the needs of college
students have stearlily been kept in view, and ,Ι have en·
deavored not to lose sight of the fact that Horace is usually
read in the earlier years of the college course. Therefore‚
while Ι have made full use of the arailable critical and
epexegetical material, the commentar-y is usually brief and
somewhat dogmatis, rarely offer-ing more than one interpre-
tation of the many disputed passages. The discussion ol
variant readings is also exeluded.

I have consulted no American edition, for obvious reasons3
but as Ι am more or less familiar with all of them, it is
difficult to say how much Ι may be indebted to them indi·
rectly. The same statement applies to the English editions,
except that Ι have occasionally consulted Palmer and Wil-
kins. I have ireely used the standard German commen·
taries, especially that of Kiessling. Ἴ

Ι arn under obligation to my friend, Professor Charlcs E.
Bennett, for permission to use a part ol his Introduction
(ἕξ 1-14, and the greater part of his “ General Character of
Latin Poetry’')‚ as well as for many helpful suggestions.
'Dn clarence L. Meader, of the University ol Michigan, has
read all the proofS, aud my father has given me the benefit
of his criticism ol the Outlines and the Introduction.

JOHN CAREW ROLFE.

Aur Annon, Miramur,
August, 1901.

 

